feat: add storefront to app server communication (#1014)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/apps/clientside-to-app-backend.md

# Client side communication to the app backend

> To give some context to the request from the browser directly to the app backend, we allow generating a JWT token that contains session information as claims and is signed by the shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct communication from the browser to the app backend involves generating a JWT token. This token contains session-specific information, as [claims](#the-jwt-token), and is securely signed by the shop. This mechanism ensures a secure exchange of data between the client and the app backend.
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
The JWT key can be only generated when in the browser the user is logged-in.
{% endhint %}

## The Flow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Client
    participant Shopware Backend
    participant App Server
    Client->>Shopware Backend: POST /store-api/app-system/MyApp/generate-token
    Shopware Backend->>Client: Responds with Signed JWT Token
    Client->>App Server: Post /product-review/submit containing JWT in header

> ```

Reviewer: @shyim , Currently, Gibook doesn't support mermaid conversions. Can you please provide a jpeg image as an alternative ?

Reviewer: Ignore the above comment. Gitbook now supports mermaid plugin 👍
